AI #902: Revise and align SKU and SKU Price related columns post-merge (#905)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/skupricedetails.md

* When SkuPriceDetails is not null, SkuPriceDetails adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST be associated with a given SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST NOT include properties that are not applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

>   * SkuPriceDetails MUST include the FOCUS-defined SKU Price property when an equivalent property is included as a Provider-defined property.

Author: @kk09v @flanakin  @shawnalpay - not sure the original wording clearly conveys the intended behavior.  It might be worth replacing it with something like this to clarify that FOCUS-defined should take precedence over provider-defined properties.
Thoughts? Alternatives?

```suggestion
  * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all applicable Provider-defined SKU Price properties for the corresponding SkuPriceId when an equivalent FOCUS-defined property is not included.
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST use FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties in place of any equivalent Provider-defined property.
```

Reviewer: I don't think consistency review is the time to try rewording normative requirements...

Author: Moved this suggestion to a separate PR (#910 ) since it might fall outside the consistency review scope.
Resolving this conversation.
